The first section we're going to be working on is going to be all here and this nav bar with the toggle
button or here and the links like this.
And also the banner.
And since we're going to be using the flex box one for the whole header which is going to include nav
and the banner we're going to do them together.
And this is going to be the longest section and the most challenging section.
Right.
Once we actually start working with the skills it's going to be smooth sailing after we're done here
with this one right because we're going to have a few things going on right.
We're going to have a flex here.
This is going to be a display or here or fixed or here like this right.
So once actually the nav bar is in position then it is going and get this back run over here and it's
going to be fixed and we're here also to have a toggle button right.
So there's going to be few things going on that's why this is going to be the longest section of the
project.
So let's go ahead and let's actually start working on it.
So here the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to delete this right.
I'm going to delete.
Hello world on the phone font awesome icon.
So I'm going to get rid of this.
Right.
And we're going to make some more room here like this.
So once we have everything open now the first thing that we would want to do is actually create a header.
And once we have the header.
And this is going to be a header element.
Then we want to actually create a comment.
So I'm going to say hetero's here more here let's say.
And of over here.
Now once we have the header the first thing that I'm going to say is this is going to be enough.
And so this is going to be in the home.
And the first thing in that element we're actually going to create or stop one.
And so this is going to be a logo and this is going to be the Boston area.
So what I'm going to say here and this is going to be of the class of that container is going to be
the with the class of container.
Once we have the div here then we're going to place an image and the image is going to have a source.
Right we're going to go to images and then we're going to go to Lovo.
So this is going to be our logo here.
Once we have our logo let's say or here we're going to write a long go.
Then we'll get right.
That we would want a button.
How do we create a button.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be a div with the button.
And then when the button we're going to have a three bars here I'm going to write and this is going
to be a bar one here and this and then we need two more.
So I'm going to select the line and copy and paste this one here this is going to be bar two.
This is going to be bar three.
Right now we cannot see this right now because obviously we need to use a C Ss to actually create them.
Right now this is going to be it for the knife container.
And so this was the container.
And then we're going to work with rest of the and more here and we're going to say this is going to
be on our list.
I'm going to say now I've read the links right so this is going to be the class for our list or here
where we're going to say that this is going to be a list item like this.
So this is going to be a list item and then the list item there is going to be a link like this and
this one we're going to call a ban.
All right.
So we're just going to say this is going to be home.
But obviously since this is the target right we're going to be actually selecting all these elements
right because you can see or hear that once we got to the bigger screen this is what we're going to
have once we click over here there's going to be smooth scrolling to the section.
This was the skills now is smooth scrolling through this section right.
If we're going to about we're going to scroll over this section and this is why we need all here for
these links to have a target.
So here this is going to be the banner.
Right.
And I already know what section names are going to be.
So therefore I'm going to write them more here.
But you are going to add them later.
Right the actual sections.
Therefore just right or here the section name if you're going to be using the same section names as
I will we're not going to write home and then we can start to copy and paste this.
And so we're just going to copy and paste this.
And we need four more times.
And obviously they're not going to be banner all of them right.
So this is going to be skills and let's say we're here and we're going to do these more here.
Right.
And the third one we're going to say this is going to be about then over here we're going to write this
is going to be projects.
And the last one over here is going to be team.
And so these are going to be section names or here again we can go in this banner because we don't need
four of them and this and here we're going to say skills then another target is going to be about and
here this is going to be the project.
So these are obviously the ideas that we're going to add to the sections.
All of them will have a..
Now once we have this order here now once we have a list items with the team now we would want the icons.
Right.
So this was one on our list.
Now I would want a second.
Right.
So we're going to say we're here.
This is going to be on our list.
We're going to say now of icons or hear press tab and now we have now of icons.
So we're going to we're going to start with a list item here.
Then in a list item or we're going to say that this is going to be a link like this once we have the
link.
This is going to be done I think I'm not going to be actually linking it on the Facebook but over here
within the link We're going to have I know here we're going to say be over here we're going to write
and this is going to be another class and all here we're going to leave it like this.
All right then we press it on here.
Now we do want to copy and paste this line and again we would want to do it three times one to three
out here and let's use all here beautifier because this is going to be a little bit easier for us to
see.
So I'm going to select this and we can just find where it is beautifully here like this.
And I can see that I have it's much more easier for me to work right.
So know I'm going to say this is going to be a Facebook Facebook or here and you can see that we're
using this new FHB or here right here and this is going to be Instagram this is going to be all here
linked in LinkedIn.
All right LinkedIn.
You know I get this and then we'll have a Google Plus Google Plus or.
Then once we have our bar and the button that we can see right now or here still within the header I
would want a second child.
And why I say a second child.
So here you can see that this is not right.
And what we're going to do is we're going to select this header has display flex.
All right.
So now is going to be the first child here and now we're going to create the second show right here
this guy.
All right.
So this whole thing right.
This cartoon here is going to be second child.
And the card is actually going to be sitting in a banner and we're here and we're going to do is this
was going I have and this is going to be the banner so we're going to have a class of Vanner and idea
of banter or here like this.
Right.
So have dinner with class or an idea or here within the of the first is going to be a banner we're going
to say card it's going to be the first day.
And then within this day we're going to have a few things.
We're here we're going to say this is going to be heading one and our heroes is going right.
And this is going to be a cold war like this.
Right.
We can write it like this and then we're going to have a span within the span we're going to say Masters
masters or here and maybe create a little bit of space in between right and then we would want a heading
three.
So going to having three and we're going to say that this is going to be mastering cold everywhere or
here like this.
And what's happening is over here now that we have a RHC amount now we're ready to go to main success
and actually start styling.
That's right.
So the end result would be something like this.